Add release notes in the repository (#1951)
ACINQ/eclair: docs/release-notes/eclair-vnext.md

```conf
eclair.features.option_anchors_zero_fee_htlc_tx = optional
```

Once activated, eclair will keep the commitment feerate below 10 sat/byte regardless of the current on-chain feerate and will not close channels when there is a feerate mismatch between you and your peer.

You can modify that threshold by setting `eclair.on-chain-fees.feerate-tolerance.anchor-output-max-commit-feerate` in your `eclair.conf`.
Head over to [reference.conf](https://github.com/ACINQ/eclair/blob/master/eclair-core/src/main/resources/reference.conf) for more details.

In case the channel is unilaterally closed, eclair will use CPFP and RBF to ensure that transactions confirm in a timely manner.
You **MUST** ensure you have some utxos available in your Bitcoin Core wallet for fee bumping, otherwise there is a risk that an attacker steals some of your funds.

Do note that anchor outputs may still be unsafe in high-fee environments until the Bitcoin network provides support for [package relay](https://bitcoinops.org/en/topics/package-relay/).

### Path-finding improvements

> This release contains many improvements to path-finding and paves the way for future experimentation.
> It adds support for A/B testing and various refinements of the previous heuristics.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release adds a new path-finding setting: a virtual cost per hop that can be used to penalize long paths.

It also adds support for A/B testing to find out which values work best.
```

Author: Done in https://github.com/ACINQ/eclair/pull/1951/commits/26fe219e208a98326dfd260d58e24b70d1e5358c

```sh
eclair-cli payinvoice --invoice=<xxx> --pathFindingExperimentName=use-shorter-paths
```

The results are stored in the `audit` database, inside the `path_finding_metrics` table.
You can then analyze the results after sending a large enough number of payments to decide what configuration yields the best results for your usage of lightning.

### Tor support for blockchain watchdogs

Eclair introduced blockchain watchdogs in v0.5.0, where secondary blockchain sources are regularly queried to detect whether your node is being eclipsed.

Most of these watchdogs were previously queried over HTTPS, which exposes your IP address.
This is fixed in this release: when using Tor, the watchdogs will now also be queried through Tor, keeping your IP address private.

You can also now choose to disable some watchdogs by removing them from the `eclair.blockchain-watchdog.sources` list in `eclair.conf`.
Head over to [reference.conf](https://github.com/ACINQ/eclair/blob/master/eclair-core/src/main/resources/reference.conf) for more details.

> 

Author: Done in https://github.com/ACINQ/eclair/pull/1951/commits/26fe219e208a98326dfd260d58e24b70d1e5358c

You will need `gpg` and our release signing key 7A73FE77DE2C4027. Note that you can get it:

- from our website: https://acinq.co/pgp/drouinf.asc
- from github user @sstone, a committer on eclair: https://api.github.com/users/sstone/gpg_keys

To import our signing key:

```sh
$ gpg --import drouinf.asc
```

To verify the release file checksums and signatures:

```sh
$ gpg -d SHA256SUMS.asc > SHA256SUMS.stripped
$ sha256sum -c SHA256SUMS.stripped
```

## Building

Eclair builds are deterministic. To reproduce our builds, please use the following environment (*):

- Ubuntu 20.04
- AdoptOpenJDK 11.0.6
- Maven 3.8.1

Use the following command to generate the eclair-node package:

```sh
mvn clean install -DskipTests
```

That should generate `eclair-node/target/eclair-node-<version>-XXXXXXX-bin.zip` with sha256 checksums that match the one we provide and sign in `SHA256SUMS.asc`

(*) You may be able to build the exact same artefacts with other operating systems or versions of JDK 11, we have not tried everything.

## Upgrading

This release is fully compatible with previous eclair versions. You don't need to close your channels, just stop eclair, upgrade and restart.

> 

Author: Good catch, this is an important caveat to mention!

> 

Author: I added a warning about that to the `Per node relay fees` section in https://github.com/ACINQ/eclair/pull/1951/commits/26fe219e208a98326dfd260d58e24b70d1e5358c
